0. Reference text
There is very low-quality evidence that treatment with iStent may result in higher proportions of participants who are drop-free or achieving better IOP control, in the short, medium, or long-term.
 0. Generated text
The safety profile was similar to that of cataract surgery alone. Phacoemulsification with stent implantation was more effective in controlling IOP than phacoemulification alone; the safety profiles were similar. Â Â Patients with combined single trabecular micro-bypass stent and catarax surgery had significantly better IOP control on no medication through 24 months than patients having cataracts surgery alone, and reduced the number of medications at 1 year. ||||| Pressure reduction on fewer medications was clinically and statistically significantly better 1 year after stent plus cataractus surgery versus catarect surgery alone with an overall safety profile similar to the one of Cataract surgeries alone. ||| Patients in the combined group maintained low IOP levels after 24 months. Both groups had a similar favorable long-term safety profile.||||| These data show that the use of iStent inject is at least as effective as two medications, with the clinical benefit of reducing medication burden and assuring continuous treatment with full compliance to implant therapy as well as having a highly favorable safety profile in OAG not controlled with medication. In this prospective, randomized comparison of subjects with newly diagnosed POAG naïve to therapy, substantial IOP1. Reference text
Meta-analyses showed that flavonoids have a promising role in improving visual function in patients with glaucoma and ocular hypertension (OHT), and appear to play a part in both improving and slowing the progression of visual field loss.
 1. Generated text
, Ginkgo biloba extract administration appears to improve preexisting visual field damage in some patients with NTG. ||||| Although this study cannot provide evidence for long-term benefit of EGCG supplementation in OAG, and the observed effect is small, the results suggest that EGCGs might favourably influence inner retinal function in eyes with early to moderately advanced glaucomatous damage.||||| EBHM extract appears to have a partial protective effect on the visual field of glucoma patients with controlled IOP. ||| GBE administration has a desirable effect on ocular blood flow in NTG patients. Â We believe that oral administration of BCACs may be a safe and promising supplement for patients with OAG in addition to antiglaucoma medication.  Â In contrast to some previous reports, ginkgo boba extract treatment had no effect on mean defect or contrast sensitivity in this group of normal tension glauac patients.2. Reference text
There is insufficient evidence from randomised controlled trials on the effectiveness of macular translocation, which is also not free of important risks.
 2. Generated text
. This pilot study showed that no statistically significant difference existed between the FMT and PDT in terms of the vision loss of less than three ETDRS lines in eyes with neovascular AMD. The chance of vision improvement was significantly higher for the patients in the F MT group. However, in the era of promising therapy with anti-vascular endothelial growth factor for nevascular AMD, FMT should not be offered as a standard primary procedure for neovodative AMD. ||||| FMT can achieve a stabilisation in vision-related QOL, in which FMT was superior to the PDT after 1 year. The discrepancy between the amount of patients with an increased visual acuity after FMT, and a moderate improvement in QOL might be caused by the onset of complications related to this surgical procedure. Also, the impact of therapy-related complications has to be taken into consideration when evaluating new therapeutic concepts in exudative AMD, such as FMT or PDT. In the study, CS did not differ between FMT (CT) and PDT (CT). However, CS was not significantly different between the patients with classic CNV.